scaffold: update version and prompts (#753)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/install/scaffold.md

the generated project into a version control system, as it will contain the customizations for your repository. If you're working 
on an existing repository you can skip the scaffolding step, as it only has to be done once.

This documentation describes `invenio-cli` version 1.6.0. Other versions may have different data requests.

The CLI will require the following data:

- **Project name**: Title of your project with space allowed (project name for humans)
- **Project short name**: Hyphenated and lowercased title (project name for machines)

> - **Package name**: Hyphenated and lowercased title (project name for machines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Package name**: Snake cased and lowercased title (project name for machines)
```

Where ``<version>`` should be replaced with the version you want to install, e.g.:

- Current release (for production systems): ``v12.0``

``` console
Initializing RDM application...
Running cookiecutter...

> project_name [My Site]:
> project_shortname [my-site]:
> project_site [my-site.com]:

Reviewer: Here for v12 (and probably before) I have:

```suggestion
project_name [My Site]:
project_shortname [my-site]:
package_name [my_site]:
project_site [my-site.com]:
```

`package_name` is new. Let's add it as well.
